# Filed bugs

com/sun/jdi/EATests.java#id0                                    8264699 generic-all

##########
## Tests failing when main() is executed in additional vthread or in vthread instead of thread
#

com/sun/jdi/DeferredStepTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/EarlyReturnTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/ExceptionEvents.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/FetchLocals.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/Frames2Test.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/GetSetLocalTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/JdbMethodExitTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/JdbStepTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/JdbStopThreadTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/JdbStopThreadidTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/LaunchCommandLine.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/MethodEntryExitEvents.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/MultiBreakpointsTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/NativeInstanceFilter.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/PopAndStepTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/PopAsynchronousTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/PopSynchronousTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/RedefineCrossStart.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/RedefineG.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/RedefineNestmateAttr/TestNestmateAttr.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/RedefineTTYLineNumber.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/ReferrersTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/SetLocalWhileThreadInNative.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/StepTest.java 8285422 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/PopAndInvokeTest.java 8305632 generic-all

##########
## Tests failing when executed with virtual test thread factory

####
# Incorrect stackwalking expectations for main thread stack trace
java/lang/StackWalker/StackWalkTest.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/StackWalker/DumpStackTest.java 0000000 generic-all

jdk/internal/vm/Continuation/Scoped.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/internal/vm/Continuation/Fuzz.java 0000000 generic-all

java/util/concurrent/ExecutorService/CloseTest.java 0000000 generic-all

####
# Thread-sensitive threads

# Test assumes main thread is named "main"
java/lang/Thread/UncaughtExceptionsTest.java 0000000 generic-all

# Handler thread has daemon status set because it inherited from virtual thread
com/sun/net/httpserver/bugs/B6431193.java 0000000 generic-all

# Test limits default scheduler to 1 carrier thread, can't run with wrapper
java/lang/Thread/virtual/GetStackTraceWhenRunnable.java 0000000 generic-all

# Test requires the main thread to be in a thread group
java/lang/Thread/MainThreadTest.java 0000000 generic-all

# Test don't expect FJ pool creating thread on demand
java/lang/management/ThreadMXBean/ThreadLists.java 0000000 generic-all

# Thread MainThread is not supposed to be hold any lock.
java/lang/management/ThreadMXBean/Locks.java 0000000 generic-all

java/lang/ScopedValue/StressStackOverflow.java 0000000 generic-all
####

# JFR tests check events for test main thread only or expect to find MainThread
jdk/jfr/event/compiler/TestAllocInNewTLAB.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/jfr/event/runtime/TestThreadStartEvent.java 0000000 generic-all

# test expects to find virtual thread frames in thread dump
jdk/jfr/event/runtime/TestThreadDumpEvent.java 0000000 generic-all

# the VirtualThreadStartEvent is loaded before main() in wrapper
jdk/jfr/jvm/TestGetAllEventClasses.java 0000000 generic-all

# Virtual threads don't generate jdk.ThreadPark event when they park
jdk/jfr/event/runtime/TestThreadParkEvent.java 0000000 generic-all

####
# OOME in unexpected thread

java/lang/ref/OOMEInReferenceHandler.java 0000000 generic-all

####
# incorrect using of 'test.jdk' by wrapper

runtime/jni/checked/TestCheckedEnsureLocalCapacity.java 0000000 generic-all

####
# Makes use of methods that are not supported on virtual threads
java/lang/management/ManagementFactory/ProxyTypeMapping.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/management/ManagementFactory/ValidateOpenTypes.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/management/ThreadMXBean/ThreadUserTime.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/management/ThreadMXBean/ThreadCpuTime.java 0000000 generic-all
com/sun/management/ThreadMXBean/ThreadAllocatedMemory.java 0000000 generic-all


####
# Tests failing while setting custom Permissions

java/util/PluggableLocale/PermissionTest.java 0000000 generic-all
java/util/Properties/StoreReproducibilityTest.java 0000000 generic-all
java/io/FilePermission/MergeName.java 0000000 generic-all

runtime/Dictionary/ProtectionDomainCacheTest.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/jfr/api/consumer/security/TestStreamingRemote.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/jfr/startupargs/TestDumpOnExit.java 0000000 generic-all
sun/security/util/Resources/early/EarlyResources.java 0000000 generic-all
javax/management/remote/mandatory/subjectDelegation/SubjectDelegation1Test.java 0000000 generic-all

#####
# Tests failing because of ProcessTools wrapper


jdk/jfr/jvm/TestJfrJavaBase.java 0000000 generic-all
java/foreign/enablenativeaccess/TestEnableNativeAccessDynamic.java 0000000 generic-all
java/security/AccessController/LimitedDoPrivileged.java 0000000 generic-all
javax/xml/jaxp/module/ServiceProviderTest/BasicModularXMLParserTest.java 0000000 generic-all
tools/jimage/JImageToolTest.java 0000000 generic-all
tools/jpackage/junit/junit.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/security/JavaDotSecurity/MakeJavaSecurityTest.java 0000000 generic-all
javax/xml/jaxp/module/ServiceProviderTest/BasicModularXMLParserTest.java 0000000 generic-all


####
# No expected StackOverflow

java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyNestedResolutionTest.java 0000000 generic-all

####
# Other incorrect test expectations (test bugs)


####
# Legacy socket I/O is interruptible in the context of virtual threads
java/net/DatagramSocket/InterruptibleDatagramSocket.java 0000000 generic-all
java/nio/channels/DatagramChannel/InterruptibleOrNot.java 0000000 generic-all


####
# Tests behavior that differs when underlying socket is non-blocking
java/nio/channels/SocketChannel/ShortWrite.java 0000000 generic-all

# Tests using Thread.stop(), not supported on virtual threads
jdk/jshell/PasteAndMeasurementsUITest.java 0000000 generic-all
